so what do you do for a living well for
the past few years I thought you said
they could shoot the spot without you
but they could but it's balanced I know
but it's my job
look I'll try to get back as soon as I
can I'm sorry science which is funny
because that wasn't even my major
now that is funny what would it be too
weird if I invited Carol over to join us
because she's she's she's alone now and
and pregnant and sad I guess are you
sure
thanks Joe come over and join us scooch
down you guys will scoot won't you
let's try scooch in this is Carol
Willick account teaches sixth grade and
Kristen Kristen does something that
funnily enough wasn't even her major
I never called your mother a Wolverine
you did so I said how long has she been
in the bathroom uh I don't think she's
in the bathroom my coat is gone
well maybe it's cold in there maybe I
screwed up the first date I had in nine
years you know this is still pretty hot
mushroom smile they won't all be like
this some women might even stay through
dinner sorry that's not it's just well
you know the whole getting on with your
life thing what do I have to
I mean I'm well I'm sitting here with
this cute woman and and and she's
perfectly nice you know and but that
there's that's it and and then I'm here
talking to you and and it's easy and
it's fun and and I don't I don't have to
you know here's a wacky thought um hmm
let's say you and I give it another shot
no no I know what you're gonna say
you're a lesbian
what do you say we just put that aside
for now you know let's just stick a pin
in it okay because we're great together
you know you can't deny it then decide
you're carrying my baby
I mean how perfect is that now see you
know you keep saying that but there's
something right here I love you nobody
nobody it's time to take the pin out
yeah find something I know you will the
right woman just waiting for you it's
easy for you to say you found one
already all you need is a woman who
likes men and you'll be set